
Introduction
    This manual provides instructions on how to use the GLM application to make grocery shopping easier and more organized.

Getting Started
    To begin using GLM, you need to have a list, which you can create from the homepage.

Homepage Overview
    The homepage provides quick access to all your lists and the option to create new ones.
    From the homepage, you can browse and manage the database of all your grocery items; you may also search for an item in the database or browse the database by type.

Viewing a List
    To access a list, simply click on the list from the homepage.
    To return to home, click the "Back" button to return to the homepage.

Creating a New List
    To create a new list, click the "Create New List" button on the homepage, enter a name for your new list, and then click the "Create List" button to create the list.

Deleting a List
    To delete an item, click on the "Delete/Trash" button next to each list on the homepage. You can also mass delete all selected lists.

Managing Your Lists
    To rename a list, simply tap the name of the list on the list page to rename it;
    To delete items, click the "Delete/Trash" button next to each item. You can also mass delete all checked items.
    To add items, you can browse items or browse type to add items from the database.

Searching for Items by Name 
    To search, input the item name in the search bar, then click "Search" to search.
    Results will show items of similar names from the database.
    To add an item, directly select the items you want to add from the search result then click "Add Selected."

Searching for Items by type 
    To browse a type, click a type in the list to browse all items in that type.
    To add an item, select the items you want to add from the search result then click "Add Selected."

Checking Off Items
    To mark an item as purchased, click the checkbox in front of the item.

Clearing Check-Off Marks
    To clear all checked-off marks in a list, click the "check/uncheck all" button.

Modifying Item Quantities
    To change the quantity of an item, click on the item, enter a new quantity and click "Save."